PUF (#8)
HL7Norway/ElektroniskDodsmelding: ElektroniskDodsmelding.Samples/Sample requests/Patient-foreigner.md

## Patient sample request

> Valid Patient that does not have a FNR/DNR identifier. Also refered to as foreingers or PUF. Creates a death message registration.

Reviewer: refered  --> referred 
foreingers --> foreigners

> Valid Patient that does not have a FNR/DNR identifier. Also refered to as foreingers or PUF. Creates a death message registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid Patient that does not have a FNR/DNR identifier. Also referred to as foreigners or PUF. Creates a death message registration.
```
